well two things that I always do or more than two a one thing is you know
problems always work themselves out so you definitely do what you
can with what you have when you came I like the whole notion or the
now do the you handle the close is allocated to the boat so if you
don't know that saying just think about you being in a a little daily
with you know five or six alligators come to the boat you don't have
an old war which one you also get first you know the keep you in
the bow in alligators audible another thing is always be to always
to stay positive and time management time management another thing were
you did you might be able to do a little bit here and there on each
task but eventually they all get done and lastly I I use this a
lot in until and I'll talk to I thought the sailors and my peers a lot
is found a happy place when you're the most stressful and you feel
like you're about to break down remember that one place in the world
that you would rather be and with one person that you would rather
be with and go there in your mind for about five minutes and once
you do that just take a deep breath think about the conversations you
that person may have and how it makes you feel you know makes you
feel stronger makes you feel better and then after those few minutes
of meditating come back home and do what you need to do